Add VisualPIC (#22)
openPMD/openPMD-projects: README.md

    (reader plugin contribution by B Geveci @berkgeveci and A Huebl @ax3l)
  - status: implementing an openPMD-api reader plugin (ADIOS, HDF5, JSON) for base standard

- [VisualPIC](https://github.com/AngelFP/VisualPIC) (DESY, Germany)

>   - post-processing and visualization tool for particle-in-cell data

Author: ```suggestion
  - high-level Python API (+GUI) for data analysis and interactive 2D/3D visualization
```
